.TH ginac-config 1 "January, 2000" "GiNaC"
.SH NAME
ginac-config \- script to get information about the installed version of GiNaC
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ginac-config
.RI [\-\-prefix [=DIR] ]
.RI [\-\-exec\-prefix [=DIR] ]
[\-\-version] [\-\-libs] [\-\-cflags]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ginac-config
is a tool that is used to configure to determine the compiler and linker
flags that should be used to compile and link programs that use \fIGiNaC\fP.
It is also used internally to the .m4 macros for GNU autoconf that are
included with \fIGiNaC\fP.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-version
prints the currently installed version of \fIGiNaC\fP on the standard output.
.TP
.B \-\-libs
prints the linker flags that are necessary to link a \fIGiNaC\fP program.
.TP
.B \-\-cflags
prints the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a \fIGiNaC\fP program.
.TP
.BI "\-\-prefix=" PREFIX
If specified, use PREFIX instead of the installation prefix that \fIGiNaC\fP
was built with when computing the output for the \-\-cflags and
\-\-libs options. This option is also used for the exec prefix
if \-\-exec\-prefix was not specified. This option must be specified
before any \-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.
.TP
.BI "\-\-exec\-prefix=" PREFIX
If specified, use PREFIX instead of the installation exec prefix that
\fIGiNaC\fP was built with when computing the output for the \-\-cflags
and \-\-libs options.  This option must be specified before any
\-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.
.SH AUTHOR
.TP
The GiNaC Group:
.br
Christian Bauer <Christian.Bauer@uni-mainz.de>
.br
Alexander Frink <Alexander.Frink@uni-mainz.de>
.br
Richard B. Kreckel <Richard.Kreckel@uni-mainz.de>
.SH SEE ALSO
GiNaC Tutorial \- An open framework for symbolic computation within the
C++ programming language
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 1999-2000 Johannes Gutenberg Universit\(:at Mainz, Germany
Based on gtk-config Copyright \(co 1998 Owen Taylor

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
